docs/adv_usage/install.rst, before:

.. _adv_install:

=======================
 Advanced installation
=======================

When you install peony using this command::

    $ pip3 install 'peony-twitter[all]'

You install some modules that you may not need. But before deciding to not
install these modules you need to know what will change if they are
not installed.


python-magic
------------

You can install it by running::

    $ pip3 install 'peony-twitter[magic]'

``python-magic`` is used to find the mimetype of a file.
The mimetype of a media has to be given when making a multipart upload.
If you don't install this module you will not be able to send large pictures
or GIFs from a file path that would not be recognized by the ``mimetypes``
module (shipped with Python) or from a file object.


aiofiles
--------

You can install it by running::

    $ pip3 install 'peony-twitter[aiofiles]'

or directly::

    $ pip3 install aiofiles


When this is installed every file will be opened using aiofiles, thus every
read operation will not block the event loop.

.. note::
    magic and aiofiles can be installed using the ``media`` extra requirement::

        $ pip3 install 'peony-twitter[media]'

aiohttp
-------

This command will install some optional dependencies of aiohttp::

    $ pip3 install 'peony-twitter[aiohttp]'

or again directly::

    $ pip3 install cchardet aiodns

This will install cchardet and aiodns, which could speed up aiohttp.


Minimal installation
--------------------

If you don't need these modules you can run::

    $ pip3 install peony-twitter

You can install these modules later if you change your mind.

Commit message:

docs: add note about python-magic requiring libmagic

docs/adv_usage/install.rst, after:

.. _adv_install:

=======================
 Advanced installation
=======================

When you install peony using this command::

    $ pip3 install 'peony-twitter[all]'

You install some modules that you may not need. But before deciding to not
install these modules you need to know what will change if they are
not installed.


python-magic
------------

You can install it by running::

    $ pip3 install 'peony-twitter[magic]'

``python-magic`` is used to find the mimetype of a file.
The mimetype of a media has to be given when making a multipart upload.
If you don't install this module you will not be able to send large pictures
or GIFs from a file path that would not be recognized by the ``mimetypes``
module (shipped with Python) or from a file object.

If ``python-magic`` doesn't seem to be used check that libmagic is installed on
your system as this module depends on this native library.
You can follow the `installation instructions of python-magic`_.

.. _installation instructions of python-magic: https://github.com/ahupp/python-magic#installation

aiofiles
--------

You can install it by running::

    $ pip3 install 'peony-twitter[aiofiles]'

or directly::

    $ pip3 install aiofiles


When this is installed every file will be opened using aiofiles, thus every
read operation will not block the event loop.

.. note::
    magic and aiofiles can be installed using the ``media`` extra requirement::

        $ pip3 install 'peony-twitter[media]'

aiohttp
-------

This command will install some optional dependencies of aiohttp::

    $ pip3 install 'peony-twitter[aiohttp]'

or again directly::

    $ pip3 install cchardet aiodns

This will install cchardet and aiodns, which could speed up aiohttp.


Minimal installation
--------------------

If you don't need these modules you can run::

    $ pip3 install peony-twitter

You can install these modules later if you change your mind.
